ReactJS Tutorial Course (#6563)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-hi.md

> * [React Tutorial for beginners in Hindi](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8p2I9GklV47BCAjiCtuV_liN9IwAl8pM) - Code Step By Step
> * [React Tutorial in Hindi](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGKi6LSPDLU) - CodeWithHarry
> * [ReactJS Tutorial in Hindi 2020](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLwGdqUZWnOp3aROg4wypcRhZqJG3ajZWJ) - Vinod Bahadur Thapa (Thapa Technical)
> * [ReactJS Tutorial for beginners](https://youtu.be/nTeuhbP7wdE) - FreeCodeCamp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ReactJS Tutorial for beginners](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTeuhbP7wdE) - Thomas Weibenfalk (freeCodeCamp)
* [React Tutorial for beginners in Hindi](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8p2I9GklV47BCAjiCtuV_liN9IwAl8pM) - Code Step By Step
* [React Tutorial in Hindi](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGKi6LSPDLU) - CodeWithHarry
* [ReactJS Tutorial in Hindi 2020](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLwGdqUZWnOp3aROg4wypcRhZqJG3ajZWJ) - Vinod Bahadur Thapa (Thapa Technical)
```
Shorter link (not allowed), alphabetical error and minor problem resolved

* [React Js Tutorials in Hindi](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLu0W_9lII9agx66oZnT6IyhcMIbUMNMdt) - Haris Ali Khan, CodeWithHarry
* [React Tutorial for beginners in Hindi](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8p2I9GklV47BCAjiCtuV_liN9IwAl8pM) - Code Step By Step
* [React Tutorial in Hindi](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGKi6LSPDLU) - CodeWithHarry

> * [ReactJS Tutorial for beginners](https://youtu.be/nTeuhbP7wdE) - FreeCodeCamp

Reviewer 2: shortened link not permitted
